For this exercise, we split the dataset into train and
test partitions by using the same method and tests that we went over in the lesson.
However, the one key thing to note is the level of the dataset.
The key here is to realize and identify that the level of the dataset is at
the line level and that you need to convert it to
the encounter level before splitting the dataset.
This is a review of the previous step where we
went over how to diagnose which level you're
at and also how to convert a line level dataset to encounter level.
I included this step because it's
an often overlooked step and a good check to
confirm you're remembering the EHR level concepts.
Now we can look at the splitting transformation and the tests.
I won't go into too much detail since this is largely the same code from the lesson.
The splitting method is the same and the tests are the same as well.
Hopefully you were able to not only do the split,
but also validate that you split correctly.